wake up it's 6 a.m already you've got a
video call with sponsors at 6 30.
oh what oh yeah the sponsors
thanks stella coming you jump up from
the bed and rush to the master bedroom
you brush your teeth and do your hair at
the same time while scrolling the news
feed on the tv screen with your eyes
latest tech cool but you're used to it
already breakfast served and you gulp it
down without chewing
no time for that once you're done you
zoom to the main hall and clap for the
big screen to turn on
and here they are the new sponsors you
talk for 45 minutes sharp because then
you have a meeting arranged in another
part of town
you discuss the business and run off to
the parking lot where your driver and
the team are already waiting impatiently
in another 15 minutes you're at the
place and your video partners for today
drag you to the shooting grounds as soon
as your car door opens
hey squad what's cooking today i've got
a special guest for you
an hour later you get back into the car
and clap the driver on the shoulder
there are three more places to visit
before lunch you sign a contract with
another brand then take a look at your
new studio and have interviews with four
potential team members
it's 12 p.m now time to wolf down some
salad and orange juice and head on to
oh no not again hey yeah that's me
of course selfies yay lunch time's over
and you throw a quick resentful glance
at the half half-finished salad time to
go
without taking off your broad smile you
wave to your fans and hop into the cart
they're hooting
on the way to the next meeting you get a
text from your manager bought tickets to
argentina for tonight shooting tomorrow
noon
great at least there'll be some time to
sleep on the plane the flight's at nine
so you hurry to get the rest of your
business done before seven
you meet with five more people negotiate
and sign deals with them and at 7
30 you're finally at the airport you
head on straight to the vip lounge
without raising your head
luckily no one recognizes you falling
down into a soft arm chair you see your
travel manager approaching
she hands you the road map for approval
you quickly go through it and nod giving
it back
whatever they know what to do you close
your eyes but then your phone starts
ringing your agent tells you one of the
partners was taken to a hospital so you
need to rework your schedule
he sends a draft and an email and you
approve it without looking
finally you're on a plane you
deliberately turn off wi-fi and go to
sleep
in three hours you're in argentina just
outside the airport your travel team
meets you with a car and takes you to
the brazilian border to the iguazu falls
it's late at night when you reach the
hotel and you fall onto the bed
exhausted
in the morning you barely manage to
finish your breakfast when your travel
manager appears tapping your finger on a
wristwatch
you sai and briskly walk to the car
showtime you are strapped with a
parachute
action camera on your head and the crowd
behind you chanting
three two one go you push with your legs
as hard as you can and jump from the top
of the waterfall screaming
oh heck the parachute won't open open
open finally that was scary
but awesome you send the video to your
team back home and in the evening you
watch your subs growing even more
210 million now wow you finally have
some respite and scroll to feed
your name's on there they say you're in
a hidden relationship again
as if you could hide anything so huge
then a message from stella flight to
boston morning meeting with fans at 3 pm
well time to sleep then during the
flight you answer all the emails you've
missed and as soon as you land a car
washes you down to the concert hall
hundreds of thousands of people have
come to see you and you go to the stage
at once
then an autograph session the usual
selfie sesh as well your right hand and
lips are numb from all the writing and
smiling your voice is hoarse from
talking but you only manage to get to
your hotel room at 11 pm
you fall into the bed exhausted a
message from stella
meeting with partners at 9 00 am you
leave boston a week later but not headed
for home
you're flying to canada from there
they'll take you to the northernmost
point of the country but while still in
toronto you go live on youtube to talk
with your subs
after an hour you're on your way to a
private airport four hours in the air
and you disembark an alert airport just
500 miles shy of the north pole
a man in a dog sled greets you and
points at the second sled
yours you turn on the camera and nudge
the dogs to go
they take you into the icy desert
outside of town in freezing cold
suddenly a snowstorm begins and you lose
sight of the second driver
you shout but can't hear any reply and
the dogs go on running
you don't know how long they run but at
some point you hear a loud crack beneath
you
and the sled drops down you roll to
safety and see the sled's half
sunk under the ice and stuck you've got
frostbite and it takes you a few days to
recover but the video
is epic 50 million views in an hour
every evening you get messages from
stella you okay
when you finally tell her yes she sends
one more good
flight home tomorrow 2 p.m get some rest
and a smiley face
next month has the same hectic schedule
contracts here shootings there
interviews in some other place and
parties parties parks you vaguely
remember when once you dressed up as a
half shark half giraffe and plunged into
a swimming pool from a 20-foot tall
plank and all the more spiteful comments
spitting poisoning
a whole team is writing scripts for your
videos carefully avoiding any hot topics
and still there are thousands of people
throwing rotten tomatoes at you
whatever it's your mom's birthday today
and you take a day off to visit her as
soon as you walk out of your house a
gang of teenagers surrounds you and asks
you for selfies you oblige seeing no
other way out
an hour's drive and you're at your
parents house something seriously wrong
a crowd of cheering people meets you at
the driveway they must have found out
the address and when to overtake you
you rushed through them without stopping
leaving them to your security guards
you slammed the door behind you angers
boiling inside you as you listen to the
chanting and shouting from outside and
look at your parents confused faces
they were going to have a barbecue but
now it's impossible you take them out
the back door and you all hop into a
taxi to take you out of town
when you come back home in the evening
another crowds at your gates you drive
past with your windows pulled up and
make a decision
you go inside with your jaw square not
paying attention to your agent and
stella hailing you
you rush into the dressing room shutting
and bolting the door from inside
you turn on the lights and look into the
mirror then you take a hair trimmer and
shave your silly hair leaving yourself
bald stella's knocking on the door
calling for you but you just take your
phone and call your tattoo
artist in a few hours you go out of the
dressing room and call stella
she's shocked by your new looks but
listens to your instructions obediently
you go to the video room and the whole
team's there already they start shooting
hey squad this is the new me whether you
like it or not i'm not gonna lie
i'm sick and tired of pretending and
this is the first day of the rest of my
vlog's life